If you want to increase your Amazon KDP sales fast, then this video is for you. In this video, I'm going to show you the biggest mistakes beginners are making and how you can fix it so you can start making a lot more sales. If you're new to the channel, my name is Sean and this is a subscriber book review series that I do where I analyze and critique your books that you submitted to me.

If you want me to review your books in future videos like this, then just follow me on Instagram at SeanDawitt13 and send me the links to your books on Amazon. So the first book is do this to manifest everything. So at least I can guess what the book is about, which is a book on manifestation, right? Because it says manifest, but you could have done way, way more in the subtitle, right? You could have explained exactly what are you manifesting? Are you manifesting the soulmate job, the dream career, you know, more money, right? You have to explain that here in the subtitle, not here in the description.

This is one of the biggest mistakes people make. For some reason, people love skipping subtitles. When this space right here, the subtitle space is so much more valuable than the book description.

No customers read the book description. They skim through the description. Like they just read a little bit here and then they just skip through, right? Compared to the subtitle, they almost always read it.

So you have to explain and sell your book in the subtitle. But a lot of people love being fancy and cute in their titles. They love having these short titles like do this to manifest everything, the art of joy and those kinds of titles, right? That doesn't work.

It only works if you are a huge authority figure with a huge following and the rules of the game does not apply to you because you can just create a book on anything and people will buy just because you're Tony Robbins or Mel Robbins, right? If you're not Mel Robbins, if you're not Oprah, then you have to follow the rules of marketing and you have to add subtitles to sell the book. This is what I mean. So when I look at manifestation, like this book over here, this is from a sell publisher, right? And it says the magic of manifesting.

Imagine if you didn't add any subtitle and just said the magic of manifesting, right? Just like this one, do this to manifest everything, right? And just left it at that. You know, it's going to be a lot more of a vague, confusing title that you don't know what you're getting. And a lot of times when people don't know what they're getting before they buy it, they're not going to get it.

A lot of people think that if your title is vague, it'll peak curiosity and make people want to buy it. No, it makes people not want to buy it. Okay, so please be clear, okay? With nonfiction books especially.

So the subtitle here is 15 advanced techniques to attract your best life even if you think it's impossible now, right? Super clear, don't you think? Exactly what you're getting. 15 advanced techniques and what are the benefits? What are you going to achieve? Attract your best life even if you think, so this is objection handling here, even if you think it's impossible now. The next one in the series is the same thing.

The magic of manifesting money. 15 advanced manifestation techniques attract wealth, success, and abundance without hard work. You see that this book is doing extremely well.

I think this book is making a lot of money and they are maxing out the subtitle and doing everything they can to explain what the book is about, selling the book, telling them the value of the book and you have to do that, okay? After you do that, we can talk about getting more reviews obviously and then the book cover as well. Although the book cover, I like the gold text. I think the background can improve.

I think the background pattern does not match the text. You should have kept the text and made the background more like a university like a lot of these people are doing. Again, like this one, right? The gold text is nice.

So if you put that with the universe background, I think it would pop very nicely. All right, so the next book is a book for mom to my baby mama. Does that make sense? I don't know if that makes sense.

Eight things to level up as a single mother. Okay, so you have the subtitle here, but this is another issue, right? When you say eight things to level up as a single mother, what do you mean? You have to be a lot more clear on what exactly do you mean by level up. Are you going to be more productive? Are you going to look hotter as a single mom? Are you going to be a better mom for your kids? I'm not sure what exactly am I getting here.

And that is a problem, right? As an example, if I post a YouTube video titled, how to level up, would you click on it realistically, like how to level up? You're going to be like level up about what? Are you talking about leveling up, making more money from KDP, which you're going to assume because I'm a KDP channel, but maybe I'm talking about productivity. Maybe I'm talking about just like thinking more positively. So that's what I mean is you have to be way more clear on the benefits statement here.

So based on reading the description, it says that the author covers essential areas like financial independence, personal growth, self-care and emotional wellbeing, right? So you should have put that in the subtitle here. So you could have said something like eight powerful strategies to achieve financial independence and 10X your personal growth, self-care and emotional wellbeing or something like that, right? So use copywriting, use power words so it sounds stronger. You can definitely use Chagibidi.

I have some videos on how to come up with good title structures using Chagibidi so you can go and watch that. But essentially, that's the biggest thing I want to touch on here for the subtitle. But the main thing here is what is your book's main topic, the main keyword? You don't have any keyword here.

We don't know what exactly is the book about besides it's a self-help book for single moms, which that might be the keyword here. So we can actually look this up. So I looked up self-help book for single moms and we have this one, self-love workbook for women, right? So it's not really for single moms.

We have this one over here that's basically the same book as your topic. So the kick-ass single mom, be financially independent, discover your sexiest self, raise fabulous happy children. So it's very similar to the book that you wrote and this book, at least for the audiobook version, it's not selling well.

So let's see if the paperback is selling. So it's unfortunately not selling much. Some copies here and there and I looked at other books and it's the same thing.

There's not a single book specifically for single moms that is selling. So unfortunately, it seems like there's not enough market for books on self-help books for single moms. I think just targeting single moms is a little too niche down.

I can see how the market size is very small. I think you should take a step back and just create a self-help book for women because as you can see, this book targeting women, right? Not just single moms, but all of women is doing pretty good. $32 per day.

I don't know why it's 32 bucks. It's because I think, is there a prime day sale or something happening right now? Because a lot of these books are getting a huge discount. I don't know why.

But normally this book makes thousands of dollars, not just $32. So that is telling us that this niche is profitable. But again, single moms might be too niche now.

Next book, Teacher Planner 2025. 8.5 by 11 weekly monthly organizer includes goal setting this and that. Unfortunately, the answer is very quick, right? For this one, why this book is not selling.

You have zero reviews. You published a book in a very broad, you know, competitive keyword. Teacher Planner 2025.

Because journals, planners, those books are so easy to create. That's the most saturated niche ever. So if you're going to go into that, you have to create something better, right? That stands out, which you didn't, unfortunately, because it's a generic book cover that you got.

Or you can stand out with just having way more reviews than everyone else, which is not the case. Or you can find a keyword that's underserved, right? So you can niche down. Instead of doing the same generic keywords everyone else is doing, you can create a book on, you know, something else not a lot of people have done.

You still want to make sure there's proof of concept, right? Other book selling, but it's not discovered by everyone yet. That's the sweet spot. And that's not the case.

So those are the issues here. The next book, the heart of legacy in a world where family legacy and tradition collide with personal desire, one must navigate the complexity of love, forgiveness, and redemption. Another example of people trying to be a little too fancy, a little too artistic.

Publishing a book, believe it or not, is a lot to do with formulas and science. There's like a science to it, you know? There's the right way and the wrong way of doing it. There's a lot less artsiness that is involved in this, right? So if you're approaching this from a artistic point of view, coming up with fancy titles, you don't do the market research.

You just write whatever you want. You just create a cover design on whatever you want just because you think it's kind of cool, right? Kind of cute. And you do that without actually validating if people are even wanting a topic like this, if people even react to a book cover design like this, right? You're not going to make a lot of money with this business.

I'm not sure if this is a memoir of your own personal story. If that's the case, that's amazing that you wrote a book, right? And if this is your passion project, that's awesome, but a lot of times you shouldn't try to make money from your passion project unless your passion project happens to be something people are actually interested in. So that's the biggest issue here is that first of all, it's super hard to understand what this book is about, okay? Is it a fiction book? Is it a nonfiction book? You know, what's the core topic of this? That's very hard to understand.

Number two, you have no reviews. And then number three is just the topic itself. Is this even something that people are buying books on, right? So we have to validate that first and I think you didn't do that.

So real quick, I hope I'm not coming across as harsh or rude or mean or this and that, right? But at the same time, I'm not trying to come across as nice. You know, I don't care if people like me or not. All I care about is you improve and you fix these mistakes so you can actually start making money.

That's the main thing, you know? It's not that you like me or not. It's that you actually start making money, right? And you fix these mistakes. That's why I make these videos.

So the next book is A Puppy's Journey to Find a Home. Jacob's Story. So obviously this book has zero keyword and you have zero reviews.

So let me tell you what happens if you put a keyword in your title, like in this case, the children's book about dog and friendship or something like that, right? It says actually here is a heartwarming tale of resilience, hope, and second chances. But, you know, let me tell you what happens if you did put that in. Every time a customer who comes to Amazon looking for a book for their kids, you know, let's say they want a children's book.

So they're going to, you know, type in like a children's book about resilience because they want their kids to learn about resilience, right? Then they will get to this page and because they don't have a specific book in mind, they're like, hmm, what looks interesting? And they start scrolling, scrolling, scrolling, and then they'll find whatever that looks interesting. They'll look at the cover of the title. They'll look at the reviews and they're like, that looks cool.

Let me buy it. That's what happens. But because you didn't put any keyword here, when people type in children's book about resilience or, you know, hope or second chances or a children's book about dog, your book will not show up, okay? Because you have no keyword in the metadata.

And if you don't want to play that game of putting keywords in the title so that your book has a higher chance of showing up, that's completely fine. The other way of selling your book is running Amazon ads, right? Marketing it. But for you to make sales when you do Amazon ads or social media marketing or whatever marketing strategy on your own, you still need some reviews because people can see your ad running, right? You can spend $10 million on ads.

You can show your book to a lot of people. But if they see an ad with zero reviews, they're not going to buy, you know, you're just going to lose money. So either game you want to play, whether you just want to rely on ads or, you know, just marketing on your own or whether you want to, you know, leverage Amazon's huge traffic and tap into that.

Either way, this book has improved and preferably you do both. So you play the keyword game while also getting more reviews and also marketing it yourself with ads, social media, those kind of things. Next book, Frostabulous Christmas Stories for Kids.

Magical Tales of Holiday Wonders aged 6 to 10. All right. So this is the keyword, Christmas Stories for Kids, which obviously is pretty competitive.

A lot of people do this, right? So you could have niched down into Christmas Stories for Kids aged 6 to 10 in the title. It's better to connect the words into one big keyword instead of separating it in the subtitle of the title. It's a little better, even though just by having it here and another part here in the subtitle, Amazon's still going to rank you for it.

It's just going to be weaker than if you would have put this directly after this. Okay. The next thing is you're using words that are way too cute and fancy, but that doesn't mean anything.

Like Frostabulous, right? Obviously it doesn't mean anything. Magical Tales of Holiday Wonder also doesn't mean anything. If I was a customer, I would want to know exactly what I'm getting.

So like instead of saying Magical Tales of Holiday Wonder, which just keeps the customer guessing super vague, like doesn't tell me anything. You know, you should have said 10 Enchanting Handcrafted Christmas Stories for Kids aged 6 to 10. And you can just end it there or you can continue a little bit more and say includes messages of friendship, family, and giving or something like that, right? Because you know, the parents are buying these books for the kids.

So it's not the kids buying it, it's the parents buying these books, right? And if the parents want their kids to learn about the importance of friendship, family, and giving, it's good to put that in the subtitle because they're going to see it and that might sell them in the book. So again, what you put in the title, super important for two reasons. Number one, to get ranked in the search results.

So this is SEO, right? Search Engine Optimization, putting keywords so when customers search for that keyword, your book has a higher chance of showing up. So that's one purpose of the title. The second purpose is to sell the customers into buying your book.

So you have to add, you know, descriptive words, what your book is about, right? And also copywriting, sell the book on why they should buy it, okay? So besides that, I would recommend getting more than five reviews. Just look up Sean the Web Book Reviews on YouTube and there's a lot of videos on how to do it. The easiest way is using sites like Book Bounty.

If you want to check out the site, the link is in the description below. All right, so the next book is Big Word Search Book 2026. I don't know why it's out of limit over here.

Like it's not selling. So zero reviews. I mean, that's pretty much the issue.

I think the cover is actually pretty decent. It's clean. It shows the word search.

I wonder why it's in the shape of a cloud and not a square. But either way, the text is popping. The color contrast is good.

The text is big and clear, very easy to read. And it's very clear that this is a word search book. Now you niche down into Word Search Book 2026, which is good.

The value proposition is very clear as well. 4000 word, large print word find puzzles for seniors. 200 puzzles with solutions, right? In terms of the product listing, you did a pretty good job.

Cover, title, keyword, positioning. Everything is good to go. So the next thing is getting reviews here, which goes back to again, looking at those review videos using sites like Book Bounty and getting more reviews.

Once you do so, you can start marketing it and perhaps you can start making more sales. So nice job there. All right, so I'll end the video here.

But if you enjoyed me critiquing these books and if you learn a lot from it, this is actually just a small preview of what you get if you join my Amazon KDP program because it's a coaching program, not just a course, right? You get the course as well. It's a complete course with a bunch of video lessons teaching you everything you need to know. But the main value of the program is the one on one coaching, the group coaching, those, you know, hand holding aspect because I learned that most people will not succeed with just getting the information through the course.

Most people need a coach like a personal trainer to tell them exactly what mistakes they're doing by looking at their books, right, and getting feedback. So that's exactly why I created my program in this way. If you want to learn more about it, it's the first link in the description below.

You can book a free strategy session. To be completely honest, you might get rejected to even do the free strategy session because we have a pretty strict criteria. And if you get rejected, I'm sorry.

You know, I still have a lot of free videos on YouTube. I'll keep posting it and you can get value there. But if you do go through, like if you do get accepted, you can get on a call and see if this program is a good fit for you.

If it is, if you do decide to join, that's amazing. If not, no problem at all. But that is the gist of the program.

It's the first link once again in the description below, as well as all the tools and resources that I recommend for your publishing business. If you enjoy these videos, leave a like, subscribe. Thanks so much for watching and I'll see you guys in the next one.