Is Amazon KDP dead in 2026? The short answer is no. In fact, from what we're seeing on our side, more people are winning right now than ever before. What confuses people is they base reality on YouTube comments and random Facebook posts, which are honestly opinions from the worst of the worst.

People who never tried, failed once, or are looking for excuses so they don't have to try at all. So, instead of listening to opinions from people who never took action, this video is just going to show you real proof. Actual student results posted inside our school community.

I'm literally just going to log into our school community, show you all the wins. People are actually getting results. And based on that, you can judge if Amazon KDP works or not for yourself.

So this is not going to be a single case study. I'm going to show you all the wins, which is going to be a lot. These aren't cherry pick testimonials.

Again, I'm going to show you everything, right? I'm going to show you testimonials of people making literally hundreds of thousand dollars in a single month. Some are just doing a couple thousand. Some are doing in between.

Either way, I'm going to show you everything. And these aren't old screenshots. All of the screenshots that I'm going to show you were posted within the past couple of weeks.

It is mid-generate when I'm filming this and people usually share their wins at the end of the year or beginning of the new year, basically recapping how their business went. So we're going to be reviewing those. None of these posts are paid posts, right? We encourage people to share the results, but they're not required to do so.

People are sharing because they're excited with the results that they're getting and they want to encourage others. One last thing, I'll be blurring their name to protect your privacy. I don't want the thousands of viewers watching this video to go and find them and bombard them with questions, you know, via DM and stuff like that.

So blurring their name and their picture is for that reason. All right. Right off the bat.

We have this post posted nine days ago, celebrating a life changing and epic December. My husband and I generated two hundred and twenty four thousand dollars in royalties with a net profit of one hundred and eight thousand dollars in December. A recent launch of just one book accounted for one hundred and seven thousand dollars of the profit.

So just one brand new book in one month made one hundred and seven thousand dollars for this student. She says, huge thank you to Charlie, Sean and the entire Rotary of Community for the guidance and support. And this is the dashboard right here.

By the way, if you're wondering why this does not look like the normal KDP dashboard, it's because they're using a software called KDP Champ that calculates the overall roti versus how much they spent in ads and the net profit. So a lot of people ask, oh, how much did you spend in ads? Well, you get the entire breakdown here. Before we move forward, I forgot to add a disclaimer in the beginning.

So I just want to add it real quick is that just because I will be showing you a ton of people making money with this business model does not mean that if you actually come in and do this business, you'll get the same results. Right. I cannot guarantee any results because this is a business and in business, nothing is guaranteed.

It all depends on how well you execute the strategies and how much action you take. If you follow a proven strategy like what we teach in our programs, I think the success rate will increase. But even with that, I cannot guarantee like I cannot say 100 percent of the time you will succeed.

Right. I think our success rate is high. But again, like nothing is guaranteed.

This is a real business. So with that being said, this is the next one and probably the biggest dashboard ever posted in the history of Amazon KDP. This student made five hundred fifty two thousand dollars in a single month with a total ad spend of one hundred and twenty two thousand dollars, which means he profited around four hundred and thirty thousand dollars in a month. 

Absolute bonkers is crazy. And this is the KDP dashboard he posted, right. Five hundred and fifty two thousand dollars on KDP with just twenty six books. 

Absolute insane stuff here. And this is exactly why I think Amazon KDP is actually getting better. Because back in the days when I started making 10K per month was like insane.

Right. You're basically a KDP God. And now people are doing 100K months, 200K months, even 500K months.

And eventually in a couple of years, I'm sure someone will be doing a million dollars in a single month. Right. So the business is definitely evolving for sure.

And it also feels like the market is expanding, which would make sense because if the market is shrinking, then obviously you should be seeing lower sales, but that's not what we're seeing, right? We're seeing a lot of people making more money than ever. Our next post from another woman in the group. We had a lot of women crushing it this year, which is super nice to see posted eight days ago, December when feeling incredibly grateful after December still cannot believe it.

Ending the month with 30K in royalties and 15K net profit. The majority of this came from a Q4 book just released in November. And she only started doing KDP seriously at the start of 2025.

So that's just within a year. We have another woman in the group doing $25,000 revenue net profit of $13,000 in a single month, saying, I'm ecstatic about the Q4 my son and I had. So grateful for Sean, Charlie, Jonathan, Jacob, Josiah, Brock, Dave, Ivan.

These are all our coaches. Next post posted seven days ago, number 35 BSR audible ranking in the UK. So if you've been doing this for a while, you know how good a number 35 BSR is, which is essentially making 725 pounds per day in royalties.

So obviously this student is crushing it. Next one posted 13 days ago. And this was a funny one because the post was kind of reading like a reflection of 2025 and it sounded like he wasn't doing so good in 2025.

And I actually checked the royalties here and it shows here that he did a net profit of $209,000 in a single year, with the best month being over $51,000 in a single month. This is a KDP dashboard side with just 10 books. So what he's saying here is that he could have done a lot more if he just focused on Amazon KDP, right? And if he dedicated a little bit more time and that's his plan in 2026 is to do exactly that because he's already getting really good results, right, just doing this part time.

Imagine what can happen if he do this full time and really focus on this. So at least in our group, people are clearly seeing the potential of this business model and what you can achieve. And people are taking this seriously.

Another win from the ladies, she says that she's a full time working model of two small boys with limited time to put towards publishing. After a couple of failed books, she decided to slow down and do things the right way by starting with a keyword, which is what we teach, right? And within a year, she built it up to 22,000 Canadian dollars with a net profit of 12,000 Canadian dollars. All right.

This is a pretty crazy one. December win for a 18 year old. She says that she started her little KDP journey in October, 2025 on her birthday.

And this is a result that she got after two months, which you can see here, she made $6,000 in the month with a net profit of $2,700 after doing this just for two months as an 18 year old, really awesome stuff. So there are still a lot more testimonials that I want to share here, but I want to take a quick pause and talk about what these students did differently to get these results. Because they all started at different times, right? They don't have the same background.

They don't really have special access, I guess, besides joining our program and, you know, working with our coaches, that definitely helps. But what we're seeing here is not just, you know, random one off events. If this was random, you wouldn't see this many people winning all at once.

So what these students all have in common is that they all share a similar type of behavior. They took action fast, right? They're not here complaining, oh, KDP doesn't work. Oh, you know, I don't like doing this, this and that.

We taught them what to do. And they immediately went ahead and did it right. They just follow the process, which is exactly the type of trade you see in people who achieve success.

They don't complain. They just do the thing that is required. They don't argue every single step.

Unlike some people in the YouTube comments that you see where they're always saying, oh, this is a scam, this doesn't work, this and that. They don't do that. They just go and take action.

They stay consistent. They keep showing up every single day and they treat this like a real business. Our next post posted nine days ago.

Q4 earnings report. How I made sixty two thousand dollars net profit this December. So this student over here has an incredible story.

And I'm actually going to get him on a interview to talk to him more. So you might see the video either before or after this video. But he actually made over one hundred thousand dollars in revenue the past two December.

So he did this last year as well. And he says right here that the best part of this December is that I didn't scale in twenty twenty five because of health issues. And the portfolio still held its value.

That is a KDP dream. If you have a true winner, it'll keep paying you for years. And I completely agree.

That's like the beauty of KDP. But this is a dashboard of doing one hundred and nine thousand dollar revenue. Sixty two thousand dollars in net profit.

Next one posted nine days ago. Twenty twenty five taught me this. Publishing is a long game.

I joined World to Here in December twenty twenty three and Elite in October twenty twenty four. Elite program is essentially a program if you want more coaching. So World to Here is a core program.

Elite is for those who want more hand holding. She says I know other members here make much more money than I do, but I'm still proud of myself. Everyone's journey is different.

Don't compare your beginning to someone else's middle. And this is a crazy part, right? She made one hundred and thirteen thousand nine hundred dollars for the year of twenty twenty five with seventeen books. That is a really, really good result. 

Right. But because we have way too much big crazy results that are being posted, even her is saying, you know, it's not much compared to others, which kind of goes to show that our reality of what's good and bad is kind of getting distorted because a lot of people are doing really good with KDP. But if you're watching this, I just want to let you know that this is an amazing result.

You should be very proud of it. And I'm confident that you'll keep building from here. This is definitely just the beginning.

All right. I'm super happy for this one, essentially from what I remember. This student is a 78 year old woman.

And on every single call, she is always showing up, always asking questions, right, always engaging. And she's posting a bunch of questions in the group. And this is exactly what we want to see.

You know, everyone who succeeded in this business do the same thing. They keep showing up and they keep consistently taking action. As I said earlier, she says that I'm happy and encouraged by the mind blowing numbers.

Some have posted. Thanks for sharing. Although I'm not in your league, I'm proud of my first month of profitability, which is hard to get with just one book.

Proud that my book achieved 18 KBSR in December. And this is the dashboard she posted. By the way, these blurry thing is just for me to is a software that I'm using to blur names and stuff.

So just a heads up there. But basically she made two thousand one hundred and ninety one dollars in the month of December with just one book. It says four books here, but I think it's just different formats.

And yeah, that is awesome. So again, super happy for the student. If you're this student and you're watching this video, I just want to let you know that I'm super proud of you.

And I see that you're showing up and taking action consistently. So very happy for you and keep going. All right. 

This one is posted by one of our coaches. So as I say many times, our coaches actually publish themselves, right? We don't just hire random people that never do this business. You know, all of our coaches do this full time themselves, make a full time income themselves.

So this coach posted his own December results and he got a couple of different accounts because he got different partnerships and stuff, but he says that it was an amazing month. All in all, crossing around fifty thousand dollar profit in total, not even including ACX. So it'll be a lot more with audio books.

But basically he made 50K profit in a month. I'm going to do a little bit more rapid fire here because we have a lot more. So this student made fifteen thousand dollars revenue, nine thousand dollars in net profit.

Another awesome win from the ladies in the group. Another woman over here made nineteen thousand three hundred and forty five dollars in revenue, nine thousand dollars net profit. Another woman in the group.

I feel like this year we had a lot of women crush it and I'm super happy to see. But but she says my most profitable December yet and she made twenty three thousand dollars revenue with eighteen thousand, basically nineteen thousand dollars in profit. And this is just in one month, by the way.

Most of the results that I'm showing you in this video are all results from a single month unless I indicate that it's for the whole year. All right. Another huge one.

I actually got an interview coming up with the student, but he made, as you can see here, two hundred and fifty five thousand dollar gross with around one hundred and thirty seven thousand dollars in profit in a single month. Now, he's also doing TikTok shop and that brought in another hundred and twenty five K gross in December. So the two fifty K is just from KDP and the one twenty five K is separate from TikTok shop, although the profit margin is lower on that one.

Here's the crazy part. He is not in a Q4 niche. He's in an evergreen niche.

So he has been doing a consistent seventy to one hundred thousand dollar profit months for multiple months in twenty twenty five. Crazy stuff. He says, thanks to Sean and Charlie for helping me build the foundation.

Charlie is our head coach, by the way. I think he is the greatest Amazon KDP coach in the history of this business. Not even lying.

He produced way more success stories than anyone that I know of, to be honest. And this is a dashboard. December net royalties, one hundred and twenty two thousand dollars.

And this was posted on December twenty seventh. And I know for a fact that his sales jumped right back up and he did another like 10 K a day from here. So that is another 40 K or something that's not counted here.

This student made a total profit of around five thousand and five hundred dollars last month. This student made six thousand two hundred dollars last month. Another student made forty two thousand dollars in a single month.

Another student did eight thousand eight hundred dollars in December. And for the year of twenty twenty five, he did eighteen thousand eight hundred dollars. And this is his first full year on Amazon KDP and hoping to keep growing this side hustle for him.

This student posted about his new milestone of doing over a hundred thousand dollars in total royalties, which you can see right here. Again, please ignore the blurring thing because that's from my software. And he says, I just want to thank you guys and the community for all the support and guidance. 

Long live Road to Hero Shawn for President. And by the way, I just want to say that obviously I'm just showing you my student results because that is the best way to answer the question of does Amazon KDP still work or not? Right. This is not meant to be a promotional video for my Amazon KDP program.

Like, obviously, if you want to join, that's great. And you can do so from the first link in the description. But you don't have to if you don't want to. 

Right. The point of this video is to just show you that Amazon KDP is clearly working to this day. So many people are crushing it.

And the only difference between those who aren't and those who are crushing it are the strategies that they're taking, doing the right things and how much action they consistently show up and take. All right. Another post. 

This is a pretty cool one. So this student recently quit his job and went full time on Amazon KDP. He says here that I started KDP last January.

I remember how I proudly flashed my phone to my wife showing that I earned 18 dollars basically while sleeping. She gave an encouraging nod. And I was thinking to myself that 2025 would be something else.

I didn't know where I would be at at the end of the year, but I knew things would be different. And boy, have they ever. So he made five thousand dollars profit in November.

Seven thousand seven hundred dollars profit in December. And he's excited to go full time on this. All right. 

So this student published her first book last month. And this month, she's officially hit a thousand dollars in a month with no ads. So this shows that you don't have to use ads, although obviously it's recommended.

But she made over a thousand bucks. First book, first month, no ads. That's pretty cool.

All right. We have a lot more, but I have to end it somewhere. So this is going to be the last one.

This student made his first thousand dollars in a day. And that's the dashboard. So nine hundred and eighty eight dollars, actually, in net royalties in a single day.

All right. So hopefully this kind of answers the question of does Amazon KDP still work or not? Right. If you're not seeing results with this business model, it's not Amazon's fault.

It's not saturation. It's not lack of information. The real reasons are that you're probably not doing the right things.

You might be quitting too early. You know, you might be half committing. You might be refusing to invest, whether that's, you know, with money or time.

If you don't have the money, you can just invest more time into doing this. Right. But you have to invest something.

You might be looking for shortcuts. You know, you might be wanting certainty before action, which makes no sense. Right. 

Some people want guarantees like, oh, I want you to tell me if I go into this niche, go into this keyword, do this thing, spend this much money on as then can I make a guaranteed 10k per month by month three or something like that? And to be honest, businesses do not work like that. It's not a formula with guaranteed results. There are a lot of variables to it.

And again, you know, inside our program, we have what I would think is the closest thing to a proven plan, because we've been doing this for a long time, we have strategies that consistently produces great results. But even with that, I'll be completely honest, it's not and never going to be a 100 percent success rate because I cannot control how much action people take, right, how well they follow the program and just so many variables. You know, so obviously a lot of people are winning.

But bottom line, nothing is guaranteed. That is business. And if you're going to build a business, you have to be OK with that.

With that being said, as long as you can consistently show up and keep taking action and if you can just delay gratification, right? If you're OK with putting in months of work before seeing any results, if you have that mindset and if you're willing to do that, then I think you'll be very successful because that is what it takes. Right. It's the same as going to the gym.

You know, you're exercising, going to the gym and working out for months before you start seeing some sort of results. Same as investing in stocks as an example, you know, it's very slow in the beginning, but after months or years, your investment starts compounding and all of a sudden you're making a bunch of money in a short time. Right. 

It's the same as Amazon KDP. You have to work on this all in for a couple of months or a year. And most people quit before they get there.

But once you get past your first year mark, things will get a lot easier. So that's kind of how you want to look at this. But bottom line, Amazon KDP still works.

Hopefully showing you this actual proof helped you in at least like increasing the belief in the business model. Once again, if you guys want to check out Royalty Hero, it's the first link in the description. We don't accept everybody.

So you have to apply. But if you want to apply, it's the first link as well as all the tools and resources that I recommend for your publishing business. Also in the description below.

If you enjoy the video, leave a like, subscribe. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you guys in the next one.