The self-publishing business model is changing rapidly lately, and as someone who's been in the space for over nine years now and made a lot of money with this business model, I've never seen anything crazier than what I'm seeing right now. I'd say this is as insane of an opportunity as when AI was first introduced, and I am talking about TikTok. TikTok and social media marketing is absolutely taking over the self-publishing space right now, and in this video, I'm going to show you what exactly is happening, how everything works, and how some authors are using this, to literally make millions of dollars.

So let's first go over how the self-publishing model operated before. So if we would have summarized the entire publishing business model, it would break down into these three simple steps. Number one, we spend a lot of time or sometimes money if we are outsourcing the book creation process, like hiring a ghostwriter, to create the book.

So this can take a long time, like literally months, if you're writing the book yourself. Even if you outsource a ghostwriter, usually it takes a couple weeks to a month, but after you get the book created, then you move on to step two, which is to publish a book on Amazon KDP. We specifically focus on Amazon KDP if we want to make money, right? There are other places that you can upload your books to, like Draft2Digital, IngramSpark, you know, many different distributors.

But realistically speaking, if you want to make money, then you would upload on Amazon KDP, because you make way more money going through KDP than anywhere else. And step three, we ran as to make sales. Amazon as, and sometimes Facebook as, were the main traffic source, right? That is how we generated sales, which means we had to spend some money first, run the as, and hopefully we make more back in sales.

Now, here are some of the problems that we had to deal with, right? First, the time and cost of producing the book was not realistic for some people. Like, for example, if you're trying to outsource the book production process of, you know, writing the entire nonfiction book, the book cover, you know, those kind of things, it can go up to $1,000. And I'm a firm believer in that if you live in the first world country and you're trying to build a business, it's important to invest in the business and you should have and be willing to invest some sort of capital up front.

But if you live in a different country where the currency is weaker or, you know, whatever situation you're in, sometimes it's hard, right, for people to do that. So that was problem number one. Problem number two is that Amazon KDP completely dominates the distribution of books, right? Basically, again, like I said earlier, you have to upload to Amazon KDP if you want to make money because Amazon basically dominates the book market.

So this led to them having monopoly over the market and they can do whatever the heck they want. And we couldn't really say anything like they can have the worst customer service ever, as we all know, right? They can cut royalties any time. They can block your book any time, close your account any time without explanation.

And we literally couldn't say anything because KDP was the only option. And number three is the ad costs going up. So the Amazon ad operates on an auction based system.

So the more people bidding on the same keyword, the cost goes up. But there is a new way of publishing that is emerging right now. That is growing rapidly and that is social selling.

So social selling is basically using social media to sell your books, right? So instead of relying solely on ads, you also promote your book on social media. The benefit of this is that it's completely free. And just one viral video can absolutely explode your book sales and literally change your life.

Now, if you combine this by using AI to help bring your book production cost and speed down because you're not just relying on AI, but you're using AI to really cut down on a lot of things that you used to have to do. So now the speed of creating the book and also the production costs because the things we had to outsource before can now just be done on AI, right? So the cost is going down as well and we can produce high quality books using AI. Once again, a lot of people hate on me for recommending AI, but we're not just using AI 100%.

We're working with AI. So we're also still investing a lot of time using AI. But the point is we create a high quality book.

Okay, and now we can sell it on social media and it makes it a lot simpler of a business model and it's cost effective to get started. And theoretically, this could end the Amazon monopoly, right? This is just theory. You know, right now Amazon KDP still dominates and I think Amazon KDP will still play a huge role in the future even if social selling explodes, but up until this point, Amazon KDP did whatever they wanted.

And again, we couldn't argue, right? Random account terminations, book blogs, you know, horrible customer service, this and that. But if TikTok, right, takes more market share, then hopefully Amazon starts treating their customer base and their author base better because now they got competition. So I'm hoping that's going to happen.

I'm hoping, you know, this video will lead to that kind of future, but we will see. So the big question is how exactly are people using TikTok to promote their books? So let me show you some real examples. Okay, I have a tool called Callo data.

So this is a research tool specifically for TikTok shops. So as you can see here, this is the brand called Lost Skills. Okay, so they have products such as this forgotten home apothecary book and couple other books over here.

Now, this one TikTok shop has done over $174,000 in revenue in the last seven days. So if we switch to this last 30 days, they've done $648,000 in revenue and this is not the craziest part. The craziest part is right here.

Okay, you can see that it says affiliate revenue and that's $636,000. Meaning literally 99% or whatever this is, right, out of their entire revenue is generated by affiliates. This section right here that says self-operated account income or revenue is just $11,000.

This is how much sales they've generated themselves. This is how much they've generated from posting on TikTok themselves, right? Posting content themselves on their own page. But this is how much other people made for them, okay, by posting for this TikTok shop, which is absolutely insane.

And that is the craziest thing about TikTok, specifically TikTok shop is you can recruit other creators on TikTok to make videos for your books and they can make sales for you. And you only pay them a cut of the sale once they make a sale. So you're not paying anything until they make a sale.

So it's literally like no loss. Okay, so this creator right here made $33,000. This creator made $31,000 in revenue for this brand, right? And they will make some money from doing this because they are the affiliates and their business model is being an affiliate.

But for you as the shop owner, it's just insane what is possible and most of the revenue is coming from this book. And with Caladata, we can also spy on the best videos that's converting for them. You can see that this one video, 35 second video, has generated close to $30,000.

So if you watch this video real quick. I think doctors have been lines up because it's way more money to keep them safe and actually solve a problem. I don't know if you can hear the audio, but it's just a lady talking in the car, you know, about this book, showcasing the book, right? And some of these, like this one right here that generated $11,000, $900,000 views, like these ones where they're not even showing your face.

It's just behind the camera, talking about some health hacks and then it goes into the book, talking about the book here. So first off, it's completely behind the scenes. Like if you don't want to show your face, although you should if you're making videos on TikTok, but if you don't want to show your face, even these videos are converting super good.

And this is an affiliate, but you can also make these kind of videos. Now, the way TikTok shop works is when people watch these videos on TikTok, you can literally click on the link in the video, takes them to the TikTok shop and then they can just buy it from there. So they don't go to Amazon, they just buy it from TikTok.

So this revenue right here, $648,000, so basically $650,000 is what you made directly on TikTok. So Amazon has nothing to do with this, no part, but here's the craziest part. So we have two insane things happening here.

Number one, affiliates are making a lot of sales for you. Number two, despite the fact that you're making a ton of sales on TikTok, some people will watch the TikTok video and they will look it up on Amazon and buy your books from there because some people just prefer to buy on Amazon. So you get some insane level of spillover sales happening to Amazon.

So this book on Amazon is literally number eight on the entire bookstore making $9,000 to $77,000 a day. That's crazy guys, $77,000 a day in royalties. And most of these sales are spillover sales, meaning people watch the video on TikTok and then come over and buy on Amazon.

If you read the reviews, many of them are saying I saw it on TikTok, right? And now I'm looking it up on Amazon. So that is what's happening. Now, this is in the health space.

You can argue that, oh, she's a famous author, there's 7,000 reviews, this and that. Don't worry because this is just one example. So the next brand is Hear Your Story.

So you might have heard of this brand because this is the author of this book, literally number two in the entire bookstore right now. It's probably because it's Father's Day yesterday, right? But this brand has been doing extremely well for a long time and on TikTok shop, they've done $157,000 revenue out of that, literally $148,000 is affiliate revenue. Okay, and they've generated $283 themselves, just 200 bucks or 300 bucks, right? And the rest is all affiliates selling it for them.

It's just the ratio is insane. Okay, and these are the products as you can see, we just saw this book. They have the other book and this is the best selling video or best converting video.

So this affiliate just showed his face real quick, then went into showcasing the book. And look at this guy's right here. I just want to point out the fact that how easy it is to create a book like this.

And this is kind of why this niche is kind of starting to have competition because it's so, so easy to create these guided journal kind of book, especially with AI. So this is what I mean to use AI to cut down on production speed and cost, because if you really wanted to, you can create a book like this in literally like one to two days. And then you go on TikTok, start promoting it, create a TikTok shop, okay, and get other affiliates to promote it for you.

And now you're making millions. This brand has made millions of dollars in a single month, even just this book, right? They have many, many other books and even just this book, $37,000 in a single day. Yes, it's Father's Day, right? But even without the holiday boost, they're doing hundreds of thousands of dollars a month, which is insane.

And this is their own TikTok page. So you can see that from their own videos, they have viral content as well, which it's funny because the ones that do well is literally just showing your book, talking about it, not even showing your face, super simple videos like that. Same as this one, right? So all of you guys watching this can do the exact same video.

No crazy editing, nothing. Just order your book, show it on camera, talk about it, and that's a video, right? But their normal videos are literally just getting like a hundred views, a hundred, two hundred views per video. So that is what I mean is like they're not doing much from their own videos.

It's mostly affiliates and that's what's crazy about this. Alright, so the first example was in the health niche, right? The second example was in kind of like the family, you know, guided journal niche. So this is medium content.

If you're doing medium content like journals, you can do this, right? The next example is children's book. So we have this one, Alter K Sanders Diggs made $168,000 revenue, $162,000 from affiliates. Once again, same story.

Affiliates are just insane. Okay, it's just insane. So this is the books.

So we have basically a children's book in the body safety brand. So it's like, you know, the ABC's of consent. It's my body.

I have a say, this is the best seller right here, the box set. And you can see that the books aren't anything crazy. At least looking at the book cover.

These book covers kind of looks AI, no offense, right? It's not the best and I've seen a lot of people publish these type of quality books. And these are the videos. So again, you know, there are many many different types of videos.

So it's not like one video type converts, but with Caledata, you can spy on the best converting videos. And by the way, if you guys want to check out Caledata, the link is in the description. And by using the link in the description, you actually get a discount that you won't be able to find anywhere.

So it's actually cheaper using the link. And this is why a lot of people hate on affiliate marketing. I don't understand because I'm literally over here getting you a better deal.

But if you don't want to use that link because you hate me or something, that's completely fine. But if you do want to get a discount, it's in the description. And this is the Amazon page of this book, right? So as I mentioned earlier, you get a lot of spillover sales.

So this author is doing $168,000 per month in revenue and on TikTok. Okay, so let's see how much spillover sales they're getting on Amazon. So with the tool, Kitty Spy, you can see that these are the books, the best sellers, right? Where hands go.

This is at 2,000 BSR, 3,000 BSR. So that is $32,000 a month extra from Amazon, just from the paperback. Hardcover as a little bit, not so much.

Kindle, same thing, you know, a little bit, not so much. Mainly, it's from the paperback. But I remember when I was researching this brand, they're not running ads.

I'm like 99% confident. I remember like they're not running ads. So isn't that crazy? You're not running ads, which means, you know, a lot of times when you rely just on ads, 30 to 50% of your income is burnt on ads, right? It goes to ads.

But if you're doing this, you're not paying anything. Like the spillover sales, you don't pay to affiliates, right? With the revenue that's generated from affiliates, yes, you do have to pay them, which you can also see how much they're paying by checking out the individual product. You can see that the commission rate is 15%.

So they've generated $137,000. So you just assume 15% of this is affiliate commission. So that's how much you pay, right? But the sales, the spillover sales that you make to Amazon, this is 100% yours.

You don't pay them. So it's just again, it's such a win-win thing for the company or for you to be recruiting affiliates, because again, I'm an affiliate for a lot of things. So I'm the affiliate for other KDP tools and you know, like even Calla data, right? And I get paid when someone use my link and buy, but they don't have to pay me for all the extra, you know, sales that they're going to make from my videos.

But for whatever reason, people don't use my link. So it's just a complete no-brainer, no-loss scenario kind of thing for you to be recruiting affiliates to. All right.

So hopefully you see how crazy this is and how very, very few, like there's very few authors or publishers actually taken advantage of this right now. But for those who are doing it, they're all kind of winning. Like I've showed you like three to four examples, but every single brand that I've checked out, they're crushing it doing this.

So it's just insane the opportunity right now, but basically to summarize everything, right, I showed you TikTok, but you can do this on Instagram, YouTube, others as well. First, you want to start making the content yourself and posting it on your own page. So this is just organic social media marketing.

Then you can send traffic to Amazon for the fulfillment, right? It's 100% free. It's good for beginners. Anyone can do it and it's a great way to market your book besides running ads.

So even if you're doing Amazon ads or Facebook ads, you can start doing social media marketing, start posting on social media, you know, copying these videos and promoting your book and just send people to Amazon. Don't even do TikTok shop, right? And that is a 100% free, great way to supplement your traffic source and sales. So this is what I call level one of social media marketing is you are just posting the content and you just send people to Amazon.

Very, very simple setup. Now, TikTok shop is different than TikTok. Okay, those are two different things with TikTok shop.

You become the fulfillment center, right? The shop of your own books. So you have to do the printing, you have to do the shipping. You got to do the customer service.

These are all the things that Amazon does for you at the moment. If you go through KDP and since we're replacing that, we have to do all of this for ourselves. And once again, you can hire other people, the affiliates to create content and promote your books, which is the biggest thing about TikTok shop.

And this is what I call level two. So now you're replacing Amazon. You are basically the fulfillment center.

You're doing the work and again, TikTok and TikTok shop are two different things. Now with TikTok shop, because you're replacing Amazon KDP, there's going to be additional cost. So here are the cost.

First, you have to order inventory up front with Amazon KDP. You do a print-on-demand model. So only when someone buys your book, Amazon prints it out and ship it, right? So you only pay once you make a sale, but with TikTok shop, you have to order inventory up front, typically 500 to a thousand copies or more.

Okay. So this is going to cost you between three to $5,000 plus for the research software. Callow data is the only thing you need.

It's $99 a month, but you get 10% off. I think it's 10% off. If you use the link in the description.

Now, you also need ISBN with Amazon KDP. It's free ISBN, but with this you have to get your ISBN depends on which country you're in. Depends on how much ISBN you're buying in bulk.

It's going to be between $5 to $125. Realistically, it's probably going to be like 30 bucks for you and it's going to be a lot of time and effort, extra effort and setting this up as well as ongoing management and ongoing customer service. So if it's a lot more expensive and more work, then why should we do TikTok shop? Well, hopefully I've shown you why you should probably consider doing this or at least in the future, right? You can recruit other creators as an affiliate to make content for you.

That's like huge. Eventually, you can get to a point where you have an army of creators posting for you to where you don't have to post yourself, right on top of sales you make from TikTok shop, you get tons of spillover sales to Amazon as well, which is another benefit. So that's level two.

So this is a true level two social media marketing is creating TikTok shop hiring a bunch of other people promoting your books and you're doing the fulfillment. Okay, or you just you know, have a fulfillment center customer service is outsourced to VA. So that is pretty much hands-off for you, but that is how it works.

Now the craziest thing about this I say craziest thing like three times. So maybe not the craziest thing, but the great thing about this is there is no cap in how many affiliates you can recruit. You can recruit as many affiliates as you want.

So imagine hundreds if not thousands of people making content to promote your books. It's going to be insane. So to recap the true power in TikTok shop is to be able to recruit an army of creators to promote books for you.

Now keep in mind that this only works if you have an attractive book in a topic that is in demand. If you're just creating books in a random topic that no one cares for, TikTok shop is not the secret, right? You're not going to make any sales, but if you have a book that's already working, okay, on Amazon as an example, it's already selling well and you want to blow it up. TikTok shop is the way to do it.

Okay, so it's best to take a winning book and make it win more if you want to scale. So who is TikTok shop for? As I said best to use it to scale on already successful book on Amazon. So I would say if your book is already selling on Amazon under 50,000 BSR consistently, then the concept is proven, right? So now you can go and you also like if your book is doing 50 K BSR or less consistently, you got some money hopefully, right? You're making money.

So you also have the upfront three to $5,000 that is required to start a TikTok shop to get started. So you can afford that as well. So if you're in that situation, I think this will be a good next step.

Now, TikTok shop is not for you. If you are brand new to self-publishing, if you don't have a winning book already, right? You don't, your books are not selling, you're still experimenting or if you're low on budget, then it is not for you. But even if TikTok shop is not for you right now, you can still start hosting on social media, right? Create content yourself.

You might not be recruiting affiliates, but you can start testing out content yourself. You can practice content creation and test what kind of content sells your book really well. And also you can obviously make more money from your books because you're promoting it.

And once your book starts selling well under 50 K BSR, then I would move on to the next step. And it also helps because building up your page will look more established. When you do a TikTok shop, we can talk about this in another video.

Not that important right now, but the point is it's good to start doing the level one first and then you can move on to level two later. Now, this is just the beginning because social shopping is the next big thing. If you notice, you know, TikTok shop is crazy right now and it's obviously working, but you do notice that Instagram also has a shop.

Facebook, I think has a shop. YouTube also has a shop as well. So every social media platform is trying to copy TikTok and they're coming up with the same thing.

Now, it's not as effective as TikTok. So we're doing TikTok right now, but in the future, who knows when all these shops are going to be effective as well. So this is not just a trend, you know, it's moving in that direction and there's going to be a lot more opportunity and a lot more space for people to come in and compete.

So whether you want to learn organic social media marketing, which is level one or TikTok shop, you know, scaling strategies, which is level two, I will be creating new lessons on it and adding it into my complete Amazon KDP program. Road to Hero. If you want to learn more, it's the first link in the description below.

You can click on it. It takes you to a page like this. You can apply for a free strategy call and see if this program is a good fit for you.

All members gets free upgrades and access to all the new lessons and bonuses that I constantly add. So and as I improve the program more, obviously, I'll raise the price. So just keep that in mind.

And if you want to learn more, once again, the link is in the description. Now, full disclaimer is that at the time of filming this video, I don't have the new lessons in the course. So if you join now, you're not going to see any TikTok videos, but I am making it very, very soon.

So if you remember, you'll be notified once the lesson is added. Another thing is we also have a six-month money-back warranty. So you can go through the program and if you take action and you publish one book and you know, you're not happy with the results, right, as long as you take action and do that one book, you do qualify for a full refund within the first six months.

So I think that is a pretty good guarantee. If you want to take a look at the program, again, first link in the description. But with that being said, hope you enjoy this video.

Hope you see that publishing is changing and there's this new crazy opportunity, right? AI was the new thing a couple years ago and now it's TikTok, social media, and eventually it's probably going to be like Instagram or YouTube or something else. The point is there's always going to be like new opportunities popping up and I'll be making new lessons in the program, obviously, and I'll be sharing it on YouTube too, but you know, the course members will get everything more higher quality and you know, faster obviously, but either way, there are new opportunities in the publishing space popping up constantly and I think with AI and social media combined, publishing is easier than before. I really think so and I think there's more opportunity to make more money because like back in the day, 100k a month was like insane, right? And now so many people are doing hundreds of thousands of dollars a month with publishing because of this.

Like you can clearly see that the market is increasing or getting bigger. So as long as you publish good books in a good niche, there are so many ways to sell it and to market it and that is exactly what we check for you in the program is we make sure that the book is good, but if you enjoy this video, leave a like, comment any questions you have. I'll try to answer it.

Subscribe if you want more tips related to self-publishing and try my best to organize all that information into a compact video for you to follow along step by step. So with that being said, thank you so much for watching and I'll see you guys in the next one.