It's frustrating when you see other books selling on KDP and yours isn't. You start to wonder if it's your book, your topic, or if Amazon just isn't showing it. So in this video, I'll break down 7 easy ways to increase your KDP book sales.

These are simple changes that can help more people find your book and actually buy it. I've definitely felt the same frustration before. In the beginning, I blamed everything except the real issue, but once I fixed the basics and stopped overthinking, my results improved and over time it helped me build a million dollar KDP business.

So let's talk about the first strategy to boost your book sales that I don't see many people talking about, and that is to maximize the 30 day honeymoon period. So a lot of people probably have no idea about this, but new books can get a little extra attention from Amazon in the first 30 days after you launch it. That is your chance to prove that the book deserves to be shown more.

And I see people mess this up all the time. They publish a book and then they just disappear, and the book never gets the traction it could have had. So, what should you do instead? Well, you want to get as many sales and reviews as possible during the first 30 days to again show Amazon that they should push your book more.

So you do the effort first, then Amazon takes over, and you can get a lot of organic sales after they do so. So you want to aim to get at least 10 to 15 reviews early. Obviously, the more the better, but this is a good starting point.

Now reviews do not magically fix everything, but they do remove hesitation. If someone's on the fence of whether to buy your book or not, these reviews definitely help increase the conversion. There are a couple of easy ways to get reviews, such as going into different relevant Facebook groups that are related to a niche and asking if someone wants a free copy of your book in exchange for an honest feedback.

Or you can use different services like Book Reverb and Book Bounty. I talk about them many times on my channel, but I talk about it because it's one of the fastest and easiest ways to get a lot of reviews. If you do want to check it out, I'll leave a link in the description.

These are my affiliate links, so I do get a small kickback. But once again, I only recommend it because it works. I also recommend you start Amazon ads.

Now you don't have to spend a lot of money, just three to five dollars a day to test the waters is enough. And this is where you can start getting data on what exactly about the book is the issue, because if you're getting a lot of clicks, but no sales, that's telling us something, right? Something is off. Maybe the book cover, the title, the description or the keywords that you're targeting.

And if your ads are converting, that's when you can scale. I also recommend you price your book lower than your normal price. So this could be as low as $5.99 or $9.99. This definitely depends on what your book topic is.

What's the average price of the niche? But you just want to price it a little cheaper. So it's a lot easier for people to buy because your focus here is to get social proof, not trying to squeeze as much profit as possible. So pricing your book around $5.99 to $9.99 can be a good starting point, depending on your book type and the print cost once again, but once you get momentum and social proof, then you want to slowly increase your price higher and higher.

So if you look at this book right here, it was published just 13 days ago, and it's now making up to $180 a day and only has two reviews. So what a lot of people do is they keep trying to make sales with very little reviews when they're already making sales here, right? It's already making $180 a day, which is amazing, but I'm pretty confident that if this author gets more reviews, obviously the sales will increase, but a lot of people don't do that. They just upload, forget about it and they move on to the next book. 

This is why you want to make sure to go through the review gathering strategies. Preferably you do it before the book is live so that once the book is live, you can go back to everyone that read your book and you can start asking for reviews and get a ton of reviews immediately after the book is published. By the way, I do have a tutorial video on how to get reviews and also how to run Amazon ads.

So I'll leave a link to both of these in the description below. So make sure you watch those after this video. Our tip number two is to get more reviews for social proof.

Yes, we already talked about getting reviews on tip number one, but for tip number one, it was referring to the honeymoon period. So essentially the first 30 days, but I just wanted to emphasize here that getting reviews is not just a one-time thing or something that you only do during the first 30 days. Reviews are something that you constantly get because again, this is social proof, right? If your book has little to no reviews and the other books have tens or hundreds of reviews, most people are going to trust the one that has a lot more reviews because it looks more proven.

Now, this sounds like a common sense thing, but after coaching thousands of people in our paid program and obviously way more if you count the YouTube audience, you'd be surprised how frequently we see people who publish a book get zero reviews and then they expect their books to sell just because it's on Amazon and supposedly Amazon sells your book for you, right? Well, it's not that straightforward. Again, Amazon sells your book for you only if you do the selling first, only if you send positive signals to Amazon first, right? That's when Amazon takes over. So you really have to do your part here.

But when someone searches for a keyword related to your book, Amazon can place your listing in those results and that is great because that's how you get organic sales, but buyers still need a reason to trust you and buy from you. So if your book has zero reviews, it's going to be very hard to compete with other books that has way more reviews and again, this ties back to the first 30 days because in the beginning, right? Amazon is collecting data. If people are seeing your book but not buying your ranking can drop over time and getting reviews will help you with getting those sales initially.

So just to give you a visual comparison here, right? Both of these books have solid covers and they're both targeting the same keyword how to stop overthinking. So the question is if you're the buyer here, which one are you clicking? Well at this point, it's kind of confusing, right? But what if we actually show the reviews here? Which one would you buy? Well, most people I'm sure will pick the one on the right because it has way more reviews and more social proof that people actually enjoy it. So before we even look at the reviews, you'd agree that these books both look pretty professional and pretty good.

Well, that's exactly what I want to talk about next, which is to invest in a good book cover. So your book cover is one of the most important element of your book that will determine how many sales you get and how successful your book will be. If your book cover looks like it was poorly created in Canva, people are just going to scroll past it. 

People do judge a book by the cover. So if the cover looks low quality, they assume the content inside is as well. And I see this all the time, right? Someone will spend hundreds of dollars, sometimes thousands of dollars on ghost writing and creating the book or weeks to months writing the book themselves, but they will not spend a dime on a professional book cover and that just completely kills the book sales. 

So that is a huge mistake. But when I showed you these two books earlier, you know, it wasn't obvious which one to pick, not because they're the same book, but because they look the same level of quality, right? They both have pretty good professional covers. So if you want sales, you need that same standard.

Now, if you line up these three books, most people I'm sure will pick the one on the right just because it has by far the best cover here. They're not reading book descriptions. They're not checking the reviews.

They're literally determining their buying decision just because of the cover design. So books get judged by the cover every single day on Amazon. And if your cover looks cheap, DIY, it's going to struggle sitting next to a clean professional design. 

Again, your content might be great, right? But the cover is what gets people to click in the first place, which brings me to the sponsor of this video, 100 covers. So if you need a book cover that actually helps sell your book, not just look pretty, then I recommend you use 100 covers, the sponsor of today's video. Unlike most designers who focus on aesthetics or trends, they focus on results, real sales, and ad performance. 

They've actually tracked the real world performance of 20,000 plus book covers that they've designed, so they know what converts and what doesn't. This is especially important on Amazon, where your cover is basically your ad. If it doesn't stop the scroll, the rest doesn't matter.

Their packages starts at just $100, and with my coupon code, it's only $70, which is insanely affordable compared to most custom cover designers. So if you're serious about publishing and don't want to gamble on random designers, this is a great option. So go to 100covers.com, use code Sean and save 30% today. 

Now back to the video. All right. Tip number four is to use keywords to rank. 

This is actually super important before you even spend time or money creating the book. You should be doing this. If you want your book to show up when people search on Amazon, you need to use keywords that buyers are actually typing in, because this is exactly how Amazon knows what your book is about and who to show it to.

So if someone wants to buy a book on how to draw something, then what they're going to do is type exactly that in the search bar. They're going to type how to draw, and if they want to draw specifically people, then they'll put how to draw people, right, or how to draw animals, whatever they're looking for. So for this example, I just searched for how to draw, and if you scroll down and look at all the books that are ranking on the top of this page, right, these are all ads.

So let's just ignore this. This is the first book that's ranking organically, and it has a keyword how to draw right in the title, right? It says how to draw everything. Same as the second book, how to draw.

Third one, how to draw anything for kids. Fourth one, how to draw cool stuff. Fourth one, how to draw and think like a true artist.

You will notice that almost every single book on page one has the exact keyword that we searched on Amazon here. Why is that? Well, that is because by adding the keyword in the title, it makes the book so much easier to show up in the searches, and this is exactly how you make organic sales, right? A customer search for a phrase, you know, trying to find a book on that topic, and then they scroll down and they're like, oh, this book looks cool. Let me get it, and that is how you make organic sales.

If you don't have any keywords in the title, you're not going to get this, right? Your book will not show up when someone searches for a keyword, so no one's going to discover your book, and that's how it gets buried very quickly in the Amazon searches. So when it comes to adding keywords, putting it in the main title is recommended, but if that's not possible, putting it in the subtitle is okay, too. You just want it somewhere in the title.

So once you got the right keywords in your title, you might notice something else. Even with a solid keyword, you're probably still up against a ton of other books using the same phrase. That's where a lot of people get stuck.

So you did the research, you use the right keyword, but your book is still not showing up on page one. So what you need to do here is to make your book stand out and get found, and that's what we're going to talk about next, which is tip number five, niche down for less competition. So we're back on Amazon, you know, with the how to draw keyword search results here.

So this book obviously is very competitive because it shows 50,000 results. You're competing with 50,000 other books. Well, one of the easiest ways to get ideas on how to niche down is to simply use the search bar.

So I come back to the search bar and I just enter a space here and I literally let Amazon suggest me a niche down version of this keyword that other people are searching for. So we have how to draw books, how to draw manga, anime, how to draw everything, how to draw books for kids 6 to 8 could be a good one as well. And we can start looking up each of these.

But I searched for how to draw a book for kids and literally just like that, right? We went from 50,000 search results to just 316 results, which is like a lot lower. And despite that, we have all these books, how to draw anything for kids, how to draw everything, how to draw animals for kids. And this is a good example of putting the keyword in the subtitle.

So we have how to draw a book for kids in the subtitle. But one of the biggest mistakes people make when they niche down is that they niche down way too much to the point where that keyword stops becoming profitable. As an example, if you just niche down to how to draw penguins, realistically, are there enough people searching for a book specifically on how to draw penguins? Probably not.

So you still have to check for demand. So what you want to do here is once you niche down and come up with a new keyword, you want to see if there are other books with a good BSR. Because if it has a low BSR, it tells us that the book is selling.

So if you can find that, then it means people are actually buying books in that niche down topic. So it's still profitable. But if you don't see any of that, then it's probably too specific, too niche down and nobody searching for it.

So what you want to do is to find the sweet spot where it's niche down so that there's less competition, but there's still demand. Alright, tip number 6 is to create a back end CTA funnel. So this sounds complicated, but it's actually pretty simple.

You just want to add a quick call to action inside your book that tells readers what to do next. Whether that is to ask for an honest review, invite them to join your email list or mention that you have other books or a course that they can check out if they want more help. As an example, we have this how to draw patterns book.

If you read sample here, this is a sample CTA page. So this brand is directing their buyers to scan the QR code and join the community and they're also showing coco real coloring with the social icon. So it's easier to follow them and they also ask their readers to tag them if they're sharing their artwork, which is pretty smart because it's basically having more people help you create videos for brand awareness.

So because they did this, they have a lot of people which is a coloring book. So they have a lot of people who is calling in these pages tagging them and they can repost those posts onto their page. But also they're getting free exposure from all these people basically posting about coloring in their pages.

So that is one example of a back-end CTA funnel. I've seen books that promote an online course with a deeper step-by-step tutorial. There's also a lot of authors who offer a free download to collect emails.

It really depends on your goal, but either way, you can add a CTA inside your book. Alright, tip number seven is to expand to multiple formats. So when you create a good book, you're not limited to just one income stream.

As an example, this book, which is a Spanish language learning book, it earns money in four different formats. You got the e-book, paperback, audiobook, and even hardcover book. That is four income streams just from one book.

So instead of just having one format and one income stream, this author earns in multiple different ways. And I got this tool called BookBeam where it calculates the actual royalties each of these formats are making separately, right, not combined separately. So you can see that the e-book is doing between $140 to $182 per day, which is amazing as itself.

But the audiobook is doing another couple hundred bucks a day. The paperback is doing thousands of dollars a day. And the hardcover is doing another $151 per day.

So expanding into more formats does not mean that you're rewriting your entire book. You already have the content. All you have to do is reformat the interior so that it's suited for different formats like the paperback version or the hardcover version.

And also you just reformat your book cover as well, like just updating the trim size, adding a spine and a back cover. For audiobooks, you can use ACX and hire a narrator using a per finished hour rate. Now that rate can vary a lot, but typically I recommend you pay between $50 to $70 per finished hour.

I never had issues finding a good narrator at that rate. So if your book ends up being around three hours long, that's around $150 to $210 to get a whole book narrated. Alright, so those were seven easy tips to get more book sales.

If you do implement these strategies, let me know how I went for you in the comments below. Now if you want to work with me and my team of coaches to help you scale your Amazon KDP business to the next level, we do have a coaching program. It's the first link in the description below.

I don't sell just courses, but within our coaching program you get a full step-by-step video lessons. You work one-on-one with a coach who actually makes real money with KDP and we guide you from start to finish. We review and approve your book before you publish it, give you access to multiple live workshops every single week and plug you into a super active KDP community with thousands of successful authors, many earning a full-time income.

So once again, if you want to check it out or if you want to check out 100 covers or any of the resources I mentioned in this video, they're all in the description below. If you enjoyed this video, leave a like, subscribe if you haven't yet. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you guys in the next one.