If you're making any of these critical mistakes, then your books will have very little chance of succeeding on Amazon KDP. In this video, I'm going to show you the mistakes that you might be making and how you can fix it so you can get a lot more sales. This is a subscriber book review series where I analyze and critique your books that you submitted to me.

If you want me to review your books in future videos like this, you can follow me on Instagram at seandolweth13, DM me the links to your books on Amazon, quick disclaimer is I will not respond to the message, but I might see it and in future videos, your book might show up. All right, the first book that we have here is surviving anxious attachment, getting over attracting the wrong partners. So the biggest thing I want you guys to take away from this video series is to start thinking like me, right? I want you to learn the things that I look at so that you can also start looking at it that way and, you know, kind of avoid these issues.

So the first thing that I want to check here is is surviving anxious attachment or basically the anxious attachment style, the topic of this book, even profitable. So what I'm going to do here is copy this and paste this onto Amazon. But before I click search here, one thing that popped up that I want to check here is the title is surviving anxious attachment and the subtitles getting over attracting the wrong partners.

So is this book about attracting a anxious attachment partner when you're not anxiously attached, right? It's your partner and your partner is basically ruining your life. And that's why you're saying this is how you survive that. Is that what the book is about? And that's mistake number one is I'm over here guessing what exactly is this book about? And that's probably the biggest mistake you can make for your nonfiction book. 

If your customers or potential customers has to guess or they're not super clear on what your book is about immediately after looking at the book cover, reading the book title, that is not a good title, right? So you're not being clear here. Like, I don't know if this book is about, you know, if you're the anxious attachment and you're basically writing a book on how you can fix yourself or this is about how you can sort your partner so that you don't attract anxious attached partners to your life. Right. 

So I'm going to read the description real quick. All right. So it does look like this is a book about you yourself being anxiously attached and how you can navigate relationships through that.

Right. So again, I'm going to go back to Amazon over here. I'm going to type anxious attachment.

But these are potential keywords that we're looking at. Anxious attachment workbook, anxious attachment recovery, right? How to heal an anxious attachment style. All of these is on the same topic because it's essentially you yourself being anxiously attached and it's a book about how to fix yourself.

Right. So let's see if there are other books on this topic selling well. And it seems like, yeah, this is a profitable topic.

We have this book, how to heal an anxious attachment style, selling well, right, making a lot of money. This is from a tool called BookBeam that tells me exactly how much the book is making in royalties. If you guys want to check it out, you can check out the link in the description below.

I think you get a little discount using my coupon code in the description. But this book right here on the exact same topic, right? How to heal your own anxious attachment style, selling well. This one as well.

Same thing, selling well. This one, anxious attachment recovery. Same thing, right? It's about the same topic and it's selling pretty well, 24 bucks a day.

So that's like 600, 700 bucks a month. All right. So it checks question number one.

Is the topic profitable? Are there demand on this topic? Yes, it does, right? It is on a profitable topic. So you did that right. And that's why I think you have a 700,000 BSR, which is like, it's not in the millions, which means you're making some sales every so often, although not a lot.

The book cover looks OK. It's not the best, but, you know, your heart being trapped in a cage. I guess it makes sense, right? And the color is a little different than what all the other books has.

So it would be a good contrast compared to all the other existing books on page one, which your book shows up here as an ad here. So although it's not my favorite style of book cover design, I do prefer book covers that are more text based, especially in the self help niche, like these ones, right? Big text that, you know, just pops like these ones here. I think your book cover is not that bad.

Once again, the color is unique. The text is clean. You know, it's not messy or anything like that.

So it's well made. You are running ads, right? So you're still trying to market this book. You're making some sales here.

Seven hundred thousand BSR. Once again, it's not a lot, but you're making some sales. So now that we've kind of, you know, went down the checklist of what you're doing and what you're not doing, it is pretty clear that the issue is, you know, based on two things.

Number one is the book title. As I mentioned, your book title is not super clear on what your book is about and who it is for, right? So because you have more of this vague statement, that's not very clear on what your book is about. It is a lot less convincing than if I had these other titles like anxious attachment, codependency recovery and setting boundaries workbook.

Super, super clear. The subtitle is one hundred and twenty five simple techniques to transform relationship anxiety. Very clear on what I'm getting, right? If I got relationship anxiety myself, these are simple techniques that I can use to fix it.

Let's look at the best selling books on the topic here. This book is selling pretty well right here. Freedom from anxious attachment and the cycle of relationship anxiety, overthinking and fear of abandonment to build the secure connection you deserve.

Once again, very clear on what I'm getting, the benefits that I'm getting, who the book is for, right? And this is exactly what you want to do. But because you're kind of vague in the title, a lot harder. The conversion rate, a lot lower.

And so unfortunately, once the book is published, you cannot update the title. So you just kind of have to take this as a lesson. And for your next book, you want to improve this.

Be extremely clear who your book is about. What are the benefits? OK, I say this in almost every single book review video. But that's number one.

Number two is you're trying to compete against, you know, all these other books that has hundreds, if not thousands of reviews. Right. Except this one.

This one is selling, you know, well at twenty eight reviews. So it does tell me that you don't need a ton of reviews if your book listing is good. And if your angle, unique angle is there.

Right. So there's something about your book that's unique that'll make it stand out. If you have something unique, you don't need a ton of reviews.

But if you don't have something unique about your book, in this case, not quite right, then you do need to compete with reviews. And in your case, you have a lot less reviews. You don't have anything particularly unique about your book besides the book cover color.

You know, is the only thing that's different about this book that stands out and you're trying to compete with a lot less reviews. So I don't think that is a strong enough selling point that people will react to. So what you can do here is simply get a lot more reviews in terms of how you can do that the best and the fastest way to get more reviews on demand for your books or using services like Book Reverb and Book Bounty.

The links to both of these are in the description below. But I made many videos on these. These are essentially the only two sites that I use to get reviews for myself.

It works extremely well. You do have to pay a little bit, but it's very fast. And if you're trying to get reviews, it's the most efficient way of doing so.

So that is kind of how I look at how to improve the book, right? And based on that, now, this is a second book. You guys can try and assess this book as well with me and see if you can get it right as well in terms of what's wrong. So this book is Become the One.

Three courageous steps to become the you your future requires. One review not selling at all. 1.6 million BSR.

Why is that? Well, it's doing a lot of the mistakes that we talked about earlier, right? So number one, become the one. Three courageous steps to become the you your future requires. Like, what does that even mean? What am I getting here? Three steps to become the you your future requires.

What? Like, literally, like, I have no freaking clue. What am I getting here? And if you're not clear on what the benefits are of reading this book, why would anyone, first of all, spend their money, buy the book. And then, you know, literally reading a book takes days, right? If you're fast at reading, if not weeks, why would anyone, you know, spend money and also invest weeks of their life without even knowing what exactly they're getting into? What exactly is the benefit? Like, what's the return of them investing that time and money, right? People buy anything because they know that the value exchange is very clear.

People spend money on things because they think they're getting something equal to the value or more than the money that they spent or the time that they invested, right? If that value exchange is not clear like this one, which again, the value statement extremely vague. And this is one of the biggest mistakes most beginner publishers make, is the value of the book is crazy vague. And people want to be fancy and cute and mysterious and this and that.

And they don't want to give away what the book is about. They want to be mysterious. Thinking being mysterious will pique curiosity of the potential customers to make them want to buy when it's the exact opposite.

If you're being mysterious and you're not clear on exactly what value you're offering, people are just going to completely ignore you. And they will just scroll through to the next book. Like, you know, people buy books like Atomic Habits because they think, you know, spending that 10 bucks or whatever to buy the book.

In exchange, they will learn how to control their impulses, be more productive, build better habits, and their life will improve. And subconsciously in their mind, they calculate that spending 10, 20 bucks for the book and, you know, days to weeks of reading it is worth that long-term benefit of building way better habits and being productive and be more successful in life, right? And you're not doing that here. That's again, biggest issue.

Issue number two, one review. So you're not clear on what your value is for the book, like exactly what readers are getting and the benefits they're getting. And you're not even offering any social proof, like one review.

So literally, what's the reason for people to even buy or consider buying your book? You have nothing, but you're not offering anything. No social proof, no value statement, literally zero reason for people to buy your book, right? And imagine going to a store, okay? Imagine yourself walking into any store. Let's just say it's like a retail store.

So it's a physical location. You walk into a physical location, someone that works there comes up to you, gives you this weird mystery box, okay? It's a mystery box. You literally don't know what's inside.

And they just say, do you want to buy this? And you ask them what's inside? You know, what am I getting? And they're like, I cannot tell you. It's a mystery. And you ask them, you know, well, what benefit am I getting from buying this? And they're like, I don't know.

I cannot tell you, right? And so at this point, the last chance that you will give this product is if they tell you that this is our bestseller. And hundreds of thousands of millions of people bought this and they left a five-star review. Like even if you don't know the product, if you see that a ton of people left a five-star review, you will assume that it must be good, right? So what's most likely going to happen is you're like, okay, I don't know what this product is, but a lot of other people seem to like it.

So I'll give it a try and people buy it. The exact same thing happens in a book, right? A lot of times if you have a crap ton of reviews, you know, and good reviews, then even if your book is vague, right? In terms of the value proposition, people will give it a chance. Of course, you don't want to rely on just having more reviews.

But I'm saying, you know, that's a backup plan. But in your case, you have no value proposition, no reviews. So going back to the story example, you ask the employee what's inside and they're like, I cannot tell you.

And then the next question is, well, you know, are there other people buying this product? Are there liking this? And they're like, no, people are not buying this product and no one has left the review on this. So we don't know if they like it or not. Then you're going to be like, why the hell would I buy this product then? You know, why are you even offering it to me? I mean, in that scenario, it makes sense, right? But then you're doing the exact same thing here.

All right. So you really got to fix those two things. And if you're watching this video, you know, these two issues, reviews and the value proposition of the book is like 90% of the issue that I see with beginners.

Okay. And if you join my paid programs, you know, of course, these are the things that we tackle super hard and you'll be working with a coach on fixing this. And obviously our students, you know, have a much higher chance of succeeding.

I'm not saying you should join, but if you're not in our program, you're trying to figure this out yourself. These are the things that you have to watch out for. Okay.

One last thing I want to say is your book is clearly not a top seller. So putting top seller Amazon is just super shady and you definitely don't want to do that. All right.

Next book is composition notebook wide ruled lined video game composition notebook. So this is a very low effort, you know, basically a blank journal inside with a random book cover, zero reviews, right? So the reason is pretty clear, you know, based on the two books earlier that I showed you, it's not selling because I don't know if there's demand for like a video game theme composition notebook and you have zero reviews. Like, you know, it's just a low effort product.

With that being said though, I do respect everyone who submits these books to me because they at least publish a book, right? Like they at least took action instead of, you know, just watching videos and never doing anything. So I do respect you for taking action, but obviously we have to improve from here. Next book is my first coloring book for toddlers and adults, animals, alphabets and numbers to learn and color.

So in this case, right? Title is fine. My first calling book for toddlers and adults because it's very clear. We know exactly what this book is about, right? It's a coloring book for toddlers and adults.

Okay, nevermind. I caught something weird here. My first calling book for toddlers and adults.

So your book is both for absolute like, not even kids, toddlers, like babies, and also adults. The target market is completely different. And there are certain topics where you don't want to mix the target audience.

In this case, like this, coloring books, coloring images, right? Like how many adults out there actually would enjoy coloring in these, you know, images. I mean, I'm sure there are some, right? That's the crazy thing about this business. Amazon is so huge.

There are some people out there that'll enjoy, you know, this image, but I mean, it's not the norm. Like exceptions always exist in anything. Yes, but that's not the average.

That's not the main market. So that's why you made some sales because there are some adults out there that enjoy, you know, coming in. But again, you're not going to make a lot of money.

So don't do this. Okay, don't mix target audiences where it's like completely different. So I take back what I said on the title being good.

At least it's clear. You know that it's clear that it's a coloring book. It's clear who it is for.

It's just that you mixed the who it is for. Two different demographics. And obviously you only have eight reviews.

So you want to get more. The another big thing is the book cover does not look like a coloring book. It's not good.

It's way too blue, right? If you're targeting kids, you want to be more colorful. And you also want to showcase the actual coloring book interior, which you're not doing here. Like this is exactly what we want, right? Like, you know, if you're doing coloring books for toddlers, big images, big texts, you know, really like kids friendly colors, you know, these are the things that you notice here.

So these are the covers that we want. This is a cover that you have. It's significantly worse, right? So if you're not a cover designer, it's much better to just outsource and pay someone like 10, 20, $30.

And you can still create a much better looking, you know, cover design than this one. This is one of the book cover designer that, you know, I do recommend if you have a lower budget. So just for $15, she will create a book cover for you.

These are some designs. I mean, you know, this is for a calling and word search. So I guess it's a word search calling book mix, but don't you think this is like way better and very, very well made for $15? I mean, you know, obviously you still have to instruct her on what she has to do.

Maybe you will get a bad design, but you get unlimited revisions, you don't accept until you're completely happy, right? But my point is, it's probably going to be a lot better. And if you're not a designer, once again, for book covers, much, much better to outsource and it can be a lot cheaper than you think. So I'll leave a link to this gig in the description below if you want to test it out.

All right, so we have this next book, Blobby's Colorful Adventure, a children's book about overcoming fear and trying new things. So the title structure is perfect, right? It's very clear on what it's about. So it's a children's book about overcoming fear and trying new things, you know? So with a children's book, this is kind of a typical title structure that you want.

24 reviews, so not a lot, but at least you're trying and getting some reviews. Looks like you got a series of books. So you got Blobby's Acts of Love, Blobby's Big Pain Project.

And the design in terms of illustrations here, looks really nice, like a very legit children's book, you know, illustrations here. In terms of the sales though, for each of these, it looks like you're not making a ton of sales. And you know, children's book is a pretty tough niche to crack, to be completely honest.

It's very similar to fiction. I like non-fiction and medium content and even low content if you do it right, a lot more than fiction and children's books because it's a lot more keyword-based ranking. Like you can clearly identify what people are looking for and you can position your book based on that and it has a way higher chance of showing up, right? Like, you know, if you understand the value proposition and this and that, that we talked about in this video.

Now with children's books is a lot harder because yes, you have the value proposition here, but it's something that basically all the other children's book does. Like how many children's books are out there on overcoming fear and being more confident and trying new things. Like the moral lessons that you can teach is basically the same thing.

So again, a lot more competitive and the way you win really comes down to marketing, unless you can find a very specific segment that's still pretty new. Like in the children's book space, like body boundaries and that kind of sub-niche actually is doing really well, right? There are a couple people doing really well with that. So maybe you want to kind of find those sub-niches and go into it.

But in your case, you have to focus more on marketing because your product is good. But you only got 20, 30 reviews per book and I don't know if you're running Amazon as or you know doing social media marketing, but you just have to simply get more reviews and go heavier on marketing. If you don't have a huge budget doing Amazon as, then you can definitely do social media marketing, especially TikTok.

I've had some videos in the past that I've made of a children's book brand. I forgot what her name was, but it's something Kay Sanders and she has a book on body boundaries. She's making like 100k a month or something, just making videos on TikTok.

And then those TikTok videos pushes a lot of organic sales to Amazon. And her book, to be completely honest, right? Her illustrations, in my opinion, I don't know if she illustrated the, you know, the images herself and whatnot, but it looks worse than your illustration. Your illustration is better.

So quality wise, once again, your book is better. It's just that you're in a saturated market in the children's book space. So you could go into a smaller one like body boundaries and different variations, or you can focus a lot more on marketing.

Preferably you do both. Alright guys, so I'll end this video here, but hopefully this video was helpful. I tried to explain the concepts way more in-depth in this video.

So it was kind of a slower but more deeper detailed information, I think, by, you know, giving you more examples and stuff. And hopefully those examples made sense. Let me know if it made sense in the comments.

But what I did here, reviewing your books and giving feedback is essentially a small preview of what you would get if you joined the Road to Your Program, which is my complete Amazon KDP coaching program, because you will be assigned a coach that you can work with one-on-one. As well as you get all the other, you know, normal stuff like the course. You get multiple live workshops every single week.

You get access to the private community so you can ask more questions outside of the one-on-one calls. But obviously the one-on-one calls is a big feature that we have where you can work with actually successful KDP publishers. We don't just hire someone that's doing like a thousand bucks a month.

Every single coach that we have built a Amazon KDP business that did over 10K in a month. Many of them doing way more than that, right? And they've been in the space for years. And you get to work with them one-on-one.

They let you know what mistakes you're making like this, what you should do to fix it, and how you can get more sales. Literally the fastest way to succeed is, you know, working with someone one-on-one. We make it very affordable.

It's not the cheapest thing if you just look at the price, but if you consider what you're getting, which is essentially personal training in the Amazon KDP space. I think we have one of the cheapest personal training or like one-on-one coaching sessions industry, to be honest, not just in publishing, but in the entire like online business space. So if you want to learn more, it's the first link in the description below.

You can fill out a form, apply for a free strategy session, and talk to one of the actual coaches. It's not a sales rep as a coach that you might be working with and see if this program is a good fit for you. If you enjoyed this video, let me know by leaving a like, subscribe if you haven't yet.

Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you guys in the next one.